---
layout: post
title:  "Swig N' Sealed 24: Innistrad Crimson Vow"
date:   2021-11-09 11:30:00 -0700
author: Unsanctioned Magic
categories: Swig-N'-Sealed
cover: /assets/post_images/sns24banner.png
---

<b>Date & Time:</b> Sunday, December 12th, 2021 at 1 PM - 7PM<br>
<b>Starting Location:</b> Lucky Labrador Brewing Company, 915 SE Hawthorne Blvd, Portland OR<br>
<b>Format:</b> Innistrad Crimson Vow <a href="https://magic.wizards.com/en/game-info/gameplay/formats/sealed-deck">Sealed</a> (6 draft booster packs)<br>
<b>COVID Requirements:</b> Proof of vaccination or 48 hour negative COVID test required to participate. Be sure to bring yours.<br>
<a href="https://www.facebook.com/events/197806892403405"><b>RSVP on Facebook</b></a>


Like thick grease taken from the stomach of some long forgotten whale god, the overhead lights begin to slide into view. Faint laughter can be heard as the smell of rich, sexy, iron floods the nostrils. Your head throbs. Your neck is moist and painful. Is this a dream? Did you sweat the bed again? No. This is not your bed. Could it be?! Have all the night-stalking and custom cape alterations paid off? Have the vampires finally answered your call and welcomed you into their bloody folds? No. These scoundrels surrounding you are not vampires. Who are they and what is a Swig N' Sealed? As if sensing the question in your mind, each turns their eyes to meet yours. "Something much, <b>much</b> better," they whisper.

<hr>

<b>What is Swig N' Sealed?</b><br> 
Swig N’ Sealed is a pub crawl where we also play Sealed Magic, which means it is 21+ (sorry kiddos). You should bring your own packs from the corresponding set as well as basic lands. Compete for objects you ascribe value to and try to have more fun than anyone alive or dead.